# Python exercise 1

John Newbie is new to Python. He got the challenge to create a back-end processing system 
for his company. After some strugling he put together a system that seemed to work fine. 
However, when the company tried to use the system for processing
big files (over 1TB), it crashed. Given that the company needed the results urgently,
John came to talk to you, the most experienced Pythonista in the company.

Help John refactor his code, such that it's sure to work no matter how large the input data is and, 
along the way, explain to him the code smells on his code, and how an experienced Pythonista would do it.

## System description

The system processes an input file where each line represents a transaction in the following 
format:

* A transaction date in the format YYYY-MM-DD
* An item identification number (SKU - Stock Keeping Unit) as a text representation of a decimal number.
* The volume sold as text representation of a decimal number.
* The price for which the items were sold, also as a decimal number (last two digits are cents)

Fields are separated by whitespace. Any malformed entry may be discarded. For example:

```
2021-01-16 8360 10000 100
2021-01-18 11471 550 200
```

In this example, the company sold 10,000 units of item 8360 on the 16th of January at 1€ each,
and 550 units of item on the 18th at 2€ each. Thus for SKU 8360 we have a revenue of 10,000€
(10,000 * 1€)
whereas for SKU 11471 we have a revenue of 1,100€ (550 * 2€).

The program should summarize the revenue generated by the items, and return the top ten largest
revenues.

## Task goals

* Set up your development environment.
* Refactor John's code to be a Pythonic solution.
   * You can use the existing unit tests to make sure your refactoring is working.
   * You can add as many new test cases as you see fit, but the original set has to be kept.
   * Focus on the `calculate_totals` function as your entry point, that is, the boilerplate code
     of command-line parsing, and logging should not be a concern.
* Test your solution with the given docker setup, and show it works with "big" files.

Remember to always comment what you are doing and why, such that John can learn from your 
expertise. Point out the code smells, explain things that could be a scalability problem, etc.
